Update micro-frontends.mdx (#12040)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/best-practices/micro-frontends.mdx

    "module metadata",
  ]
---

> <Alert>
> In order for the Sentry JavaScript SDK to work with your micro frontends, make sure that all micro frontends that import from an `@sentry/*` package are using the same version of the Sentry SDK.
> </Alert>

Author: ```suggestion
<Alert>
To ensure the Sentry JavaScript SDK works with your micro frontends, make sure all micro frontends that import from a `@sentry/*` package are using the same version of the Sentry SDK.
</Alert>
```

> In order for the Sentry JavaScript SDK to work with your micro frontends, you'll need to either set up [module federation](https://module-federation.github.io/) or make sure that all your micro frontends are using the same version of the Sentry SDK.

Reviewer: I'd reword this because to my understanding (also double checked with the team), module federation has nothing to do with this requirement. Module federation is just one way of setting up an MFE architecture but the requirement still applies. 

I also added the package part to the sentence because this is only important if individual MFEs actually import from a @sentry package. There are also MFE<>Sentry use cases where only the host app cares about sentry and all errors are caught automatically and routed to the respective projects as described below.

```suggestion
In order for the Sentry JavaScript SDK to work with your micro frontends, make sure that all micro frontends that import from an `@sentry/*` package are using the same version of the Sentry SDK.
```

Author: Thanks for checking!

> If your app uses micro frontends, it’s very useful to be able to track which one an error is coming from. To do this with Sentry, you can create either an automatic or a manual setup where you send events to separate Sentry projects representing each of your micro frontend services. This makes it easier to see what’s going wrong and where, helping you track issues and fix them faster, especially in complex frontend architectures.

Reviewer: (feel free to disregard): I'd not use the term "service" as this is a rather backend- or data-related term as opposed to a UI/frontend module/application. I think it's fine to just refer to them as "micro frontend". 

```suggestion
If your app uses micro frontends, it’s very useful to be able to track which one an error is coming from. To do this with Sentry, you can create either an automatic or a manual setup where you send events to separate Sentry projects representing each of your micro frontends. This makes it easier to see what’s going wrong and where, helping you track issues and fix them faster, especially in complex frontend architectures.
```

  </ul>
</Note>

To identify the source of an error, you must first inject metadata that helps identify
which bundles were responsible for the error. You can do this with any of the
Sentry bundler plugins by enabling the `moduleMetadata` option. The example
below is for Webpack, but this is also supported in Vite, Rollup, and esbuild.

> **Install the below code snippet in your micro frontend.**

Author: ```suggestion
**Install the below code snippet in your micro frontend:**
```

store it as a list of DSN-release pairs in `event.extra[MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY]`
for the multiplexed transport to reference for routing.

> **Install the below code snippet in your host.**

Author: ```suggestion
**Install the below code snippet in your host:**
```

> **Install the below code snippet in your host:**

Reviewer: no action required, just out of curiosity from a non-native english speaker: I wan't aware that you can say "the below code snippet". Is it equal to "the following code snippet" and should we prefer one over the other?

Author: Yup, they're the same :) I personally prefer "the below" because to me it sounds more specific, but they both work!

## Manually Route Errors to Different Projects

> If you want more control and to be able to explicitly specify the destination for each individual `captureException`,

Author: ```suggestion
If you want more control to be able to explicitly specify the destination for each individual `captureException`,
```

> you can do that with the more advanced interface multiplexed transport offers.

Author: ```suggestion
you can use the more advanced interface multiplexed transport offers.
```

You can then set tags/contexts on events in individual micro-frontends to decide which Sentry project to send the event to as follows:

<Note>
  It's important to always use a local scope when setting the tag (either as shown below or using{" "} <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/scopes/#local-scopes">
  withScope documentation </PlatformLink>). Using a global scope, for example, through `Sentry.setTag()` will result in all subsequent events being routed to the 

>   same DSN regardless of where they originate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  same DSN regardless of where they originated.
```
